README.md, before:

# Analysis of seasonal game data of the National Basketball Association teams and leveraging data to predict match outcomes

## Overview of the project
Historical game data has become a pivotal component to analyze individual and team performance. 	Analyzing data has become an industry standard to improve working conventions and realize key business objectives. 

Basketball is one of the popular sports in North America and has a lot of data readily accessible for the public to see and use. This project will analyze the National Basketball Association seasonal game data and create a model that predicts which team will win in a given matchup. 

## Data Resources
- [nba_game_details_2021-22.csv](https://github.com/donjohn42x/NBA_Analysis/blob/tomoka_branch/data/nba_game_details_2021-22.csv): National Basketball Association 2021 - 2022 game matchup data 
- [nba_players_2021-22.csv](https://github.com/donjohn42x/NBA_Analysis/blob/tomoka_branch/data/nba_players_2021-22.csv): National Basketball Association 2021 - 2022 players data 
- [nba_teams_2021-22.csv](https://github.com/donjohn42x/NBA_Analysis/blob/tomoka_branch/data/nba_teams_2021-22.csv) - National Basketball Association 2021 - 2022 teams data

All the data sources are scraped from https://www.nba.com/stats/

## Key Objectives
1. Data Exploration & Visualization
    - Analysis of seasonal team data
    - Analysis of individual player data
    - Analysis of team key matchups
    - Calculations of ELO rating

2. Machine learning 
    - Create a prediction model for key team matchups

<img src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85041697/159171394-7c7942bb-1fa4-4f02-a531-e75672845233.jpg' height=300 width=500>

Commit message:

update readme - change data source

README.md, after:

# Analysis of seasonal game data of the National Basketball Association teams and leveraging data to predict match outcomes

## Overview of the project
Historical game data has become a pivotal component to analyze individual and team performance. 	Analyzing data has become an industry standard to improve working conventions and realize key business objectives. 

Basketball is one of the popular sports in North America and has a lot of data readily accessible for the public to see and use. This project will analyze the National Basketball Association seasonal game data and create a model that predicts which team will win in a given matchup. 

## Data Resources
- games.csv (all games from 2004 season to last update with the date, teams and some details like number of points, etc.)
- games_details.csv (details of games dataset, all statistics of players for a given game)
- players.csv (players details)
- ranking.csv (ranking of NBA given a day (split into west and east on CONFERENCE column)
- teams.csv (all teams of NBA)

All the data sources are from [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nathanlauga/nba-games)

## Key Objectives
1. Data Exploration & Visualization
    - Analysis of seasonal team data
    - Analysis of individual player data
    - Analysis of team key matchups
    - Calculations of ELO rating

2. Machine learning 
    - Create a prediction model for key team matchups

<img src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85041697/159171394-7c7942bb-1fa4-4f02-a531-e75672845233.jpg' height=300 width=500>
